# CS520 Assignment 2 Tomas Hornicek

Part 1 for assignment 2, can be found in the folder: src/cs520/hw2/part1. The purpose of this part of the assignment was to see the difference between procedural and object oriented programming. For the procedural style programming, I have created a file "TuitionProceduralStyle.java". The code for this part of the problem uses Java Swing GUI, to ask the user for two courses, their credits and cost of credits, and then the program compares the two costs and gives the user an appropriate message. For the object oriented part I have created the two files: "TuitionObjectStyle.java" and "Course.java". The function of the objected oriented style part is the same as the procedural style, however this time I have used the file "Course.java" to create course objects. The "Course.java" has a set of  getters and setters to retrieve and set data for the course objects. The object oriented programming proved to be more efficient, as it promotes reusability and the code is easier to read.

Part 2 for assignment 2, can be found in the folder: src/cs520/hw2/part2. The code for the assignment is the same as the code for part 1 object oriented style. The difference is that Part 2 doesn't use Java Swing GUI but uses the class "Test.java" for testing. Another difference is that part 2 uses inheritance; it has a new Java class "OnlineCourse.java", which inherits from the class "Course.java". The class "OnlineCourse.java", represents online courses, and contains new getter and setter methods for techology fee. 