# CS520 Assignment 3 Tomas Hornicek


The part 1 of assignment 3 can be found in the folder: "src/cs520/hw3/part1". Part 1 is a Java Swing GUI application, which asks the user for course ID, name and cost of the course they are taking. It then parses the information given by the user, using the trim and indexOf methods, and displays the content in the console, along with the discounted tuition(25% off). The testing of the course happens in the file: "StringTest.java". Part 1 also contains the files: "CancelButtonException.java", "CourseIdException.java" and "CourseNameException.java". These are files, which are used as exceptions and give the user an appropriate message, if they entered the wrong information.

Part 2 of assignment 3 can be found in the folder: "src/cs520/hw3/part2". This part of the assignment contains two files: "Student.java" and "Test.java". The "Student.java" file contains a constructor for the student object, setters for different homework, computeAverage method and overriden toString method. The "Test.java" file contains the main and processInputData methods. The processInpuData method uses the StringTokenizer class to parse the input string. It then creates a student object, parses the data.txt file, and assigns the correct to the correct variables, using the setter methods from the "Student.java" class. The main method is used to run the program and it uses the BufferedReader library to read the "data.txt" file and then calls the processInputData method to parse the data and display the data on the console. 
